Step 1: Copy the .bak File to a Secure Location
Ensure the .bak file (Bio_shop_database.bak) is accessible from your SQL Server instance. It's common to place it in a directory such as C:\Backups or another secure location on the server.

Step 2: Open SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS)
Launch SSMS:

Open SQL Server Management Studio on your machine.
Connect to SQL Server:

In the Connect to Server window, enter your SQL Server instance name and click Connect.

Step 3: Restore the Database from the .bak File
Right-click on Databases:

In the Object Explorer pane on the left, right-click on Databases.
Select Restore Database...:

From the context menu, select Restore Database....
Choose the Source for Restore:

In the Restore Database window, select Device under the Source section.
Click on the ellipsis button (...) next to the Device option.
Select Backup Media:

In the Select backup devices window, click Add.
Browse to the location of your .bak file, select Bio_shop_database.bak, and click OK.
Specify the Database Name:

In the Destination section, enter the name for the new database (e.g., BioShop).
Review and Start the Restore:

Click OK in the Restore Database window to start the restore process.

Step 4: Verify the Restore Process
Monitor the Progress:

A progress window will appear showing the status of the restore process.
Once the restore is complete, a confirmation message will appear.
Check the Restored Database:

In the Object Explorer pane, expand the Databases node.
You should see the newly restored database (e.g., BioShop).

Step 5: Explore the Restored Database
Expand the Database:

Expand the database node to view its objects such as tables, views, stored procedures, etc.
Query the Database:

Right-click on the database and select New Query.
Use T-SQL commands to query and explore the database contents. For example:
sql
Copy code
SELECT * FROM [YourTableName];

Summary of Steps:
Copy the .bak file to a secure location accessible by the SQL Server.
Open SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS).
Connect to your SQL Server instance.
Right-click Databases and select Restore Database....
Select Device as the source and browse to the .bak file.
Provide a name for the new database.
Click OK to start the restore process.
Verify the restore completion and explore the database.